yeah I guess it's time to make a video
one of our tenants is moving out and all
this stuff is in the garbage I feel like
I'm on the French Riviera discussing the
Gordian brand-new in-the-box 5-inch
black-and-white television with anna her
radio brand-new in-the-box never open
them just like that computer I found I
still have that one I've never done a
thing with it
backpack
oops got some goodies in here what have
we got in here I have no idea
Lego block CDs Scrabble set the Smiths
hat full of hollow Teenage Fanclub the
Verlaine's Lemonheads velvet crash 8
codeine frigate stars LP Kristin Hall
Catherine Wheel chrome what can I
garbage is this Tommy Keene Buffalo Tom
shall bring this to the animal shelter
more cassettes I don't want to insult
any religious or political factions
masterpiece theater the Elric saga
nobody knows Elric sees a steam engine
drive your car - mr. Christian have you
ever Lane bootlegs ed The Gargoyle at
the car king of pain nosebleeds hot hot
hot what kind of crap is this
recyclables mixed with trash this is
garbage
zero milligrams sodium is zero sugar
nine grams father that's what I eat cat
food would would lead paint got some
separated why don't people separate
their recyclables maybe their mommy
didn't teach him the bit landlord didn't
tell them you guys people ticket them
just like texting while you drive
everybody texts while they drive tow
wrecker told me that I should use our
152 a air duster for keyboard cleaning
for my air conditioning it says it's
hard to find because people like to hop
it when we call it air sisters hole I
mean air duster autocorrect on the
computer what air sisters air dusters
Chuck
all junk unbelievable that people don't
take up their recyclables they have no
idea there's recycling no idea what a
fool of my to recycle it huh ready to
the garbage picking sometime I got a
bunch of stuff am i honey-do list I had
an insurance inspector over this morning
we're getting a new insurance
underwriter and the inspectors was here
to check on the properties and one of my
electric panel covers was off and one of
my GFI's is hanging from the wires and
one of my circulating pumps crapped out
in the middle of winter so I put a new
one the wire didn't reach so I just had
it open wired with not even wire nuts
over it boy
what was I supposed to tell him boobs I
forgot to put on the wire now yep
anyways he's had he's seen a lot worse
it was minor things it'll be easily
corrected like smoke detectors and
batteries all fixed and I said I will
fix it today and I will and I didn't
tell him I was very wild on YouTube even
though he was driving a 2010 Silverado
duromatic blankies thousand miles he's
on the road every day 2010 Duramax extra
cab short bed with 90,000 miles two and
a half years old keeps him for five
years 200,000 miles doesn't like the gas
jobs they crap out he prefers the
diesels it's his second one the first
one was an O 3 or Oh 4 and I got 21
miles per gallon and this one has the
blue injection fluid and it gets 18 3
miles per gallon less to have less
lucien lost BlueTEC fluid parrot I'm
gonna take some of this stuff over to
the animal shelter and they sell it for
a couple of bucks and it's easy money
for them and my contribution to charity
plus I get a receipt you need helium
hard to find got some I'll buy it